Add fail2ban ignore and consider options to setup (#4504)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/security/fail2ban.md

docker exec <CONTAINER NAME> setup fail2ban [<ban|unban> <IP>]
```

### Managing Ignores

> If there are IPs or IP ranges you wish for fail2ban (never ban) this can be done like so:

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit weird: it is missing its predicate:

```suggestion
If there are IPs or IP ranges you would like Fail2Ban to ignore, you can run the following command:
```

```bash

> docker exec <CONTAINER NAME> setup fail2ban [<ignore|consider> <IP OR CDIR RANGE>]

Reviewer: "CDIR" -> "CIDR"
